[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure
that the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER] You want my
treasure? You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR] Now, those who dare
to dream hoist their flags
and sail into the
Great Pirate Era!
♪ Opening Song
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and learn
all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR]
Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] After a fierce battle
at the bottom of the sea,
the Straw Hat Pirates
depart for the deadly waters
of the New World,
ruled by the Four Emperors.
Responding to a distress call,
Luffy and company
trek across the flaming
island of Punk Hazard.
The crew members who
remained on the Sunny
were captured and taken to
a mysterious facility nearby.
I'm here to save my son's life!
And I would cut down anyone
who stands in my way!
[SUBORDINATE 582A]
There!
[SUBORDINATE 582B]
Don't let them get away!
[FRANKY] Those're my friends.
Cut it out, will ya?
Weapons Left!
[SUBORDINATES
groan]
What the hell do
they want from us?
What?
[ALL gasp]
[gasps]
[CHILDREN gasp]
Who're you?
Hello there, kids.
[KIN'EMON]
What? There's children?
They're so big!
[LUFFY] "Save the Children!
The Straw Hats Start to Fight!"
[SANJI]
Where are we?
And what's with all the rugrats?
I don't know.
Maybe it's the island's
daycare or something?
Some of 'em look like giants.
They're the biggest
I've ever seen.
Did we drop anchor
on an island of giants?
[NAMI] No, because there are
regular-sized children, too.
Okay, then it's some kinda
all-inclusive nursery?
There aren't any adults
here to supervise though.
Mocha? Who are they?
I've never seen them before.
Ah! You must be the ones
who were frozen!
How did you escape?
Frozen?
What is she talking about?
The mystery of the
island deepens.
[gasps]
[CHILDREN gasping]
[BOY 583A]
Isn't that...?
[CHILDREN]
A robot!
[NAMI]
Uh. Guys?
[BOY 583B]
A real robot!
[BOY 583C]
How awesome!
[BOY 583D]
I love robots!
[BOY 583E]
They're the bestest!
Really like robots, huh?
[SANJI gasps]
Whoa. Are you okay?
[BOYS] Robot! Robot!
Robot! Robot! Robot!
Heh. Aw, man. These
tykes really love me.
And it's all 'cause of my
armored physique, huh?
What did she mean by
"the ones who were frozen"?
[GIRL 583A gasps]
Look! A plushie!
[GIRL 583C]
A stuffed raccoon!
I'm a reindeer, okay?
[GIRL 583C]
So tiny!
And cute!
Yeah!
[CHOPPER]
Help! They've got me!
Whoa. Close call.
Sure glad they're
not interested in me.
Look! His eyebrow's curly!
Shut up, small fry!
[GIRL 583F]
You're right!
[GIRL 583G]
Freaky!
His hair's like horns!
[FRANKY] And I can
change it however I want.
Flat-top! 'Fro! Wings!
[BOYS gasp]
[FRANKY]
I've got an extra hand.
[BOYS gasp]
You wanna know why?
For pickin' my nose!
[BOYS gasp]
[FRANKY, BOYS]
Super!
Would somebody
listen to me? Come on!
[SYND]
Super!
[CHILDREN giggling]
[sighs]
[KIN'EMON]
That's it! I've had enough!
[ALL]
Huh?
Do you know a child
named Momonosuke?
I am looking for my boy!
[CHILDREN scream]
[UZU]
That was scary!
[BOY 583A]
The head can talk!
[GIRL 583B]
Run! Hurry!
[SANJI] Wait, don't go!
We've got questions about this--
Come back here!
Hey! Shut up!
We're tryin' to get
information outta them!
And they won't talk
if you scare 'em!
[SUBORDINATE 583A]
The door to the Biscuit Room
is open!
[FRANKY] They're coming
for us! Let's get movin'.
[SUBORDINATE 583A]
It must be those pirates!
We can't let them get away!
[SANJI] What kind of
facility is this place?
You've gotta tell us!
You must aid me in
my search for Momonosuke!
[BOYS scream]
I thought we told you
to keep your mouth shut!
I've been disgraced
as a samurai,
all because I was
attacked by a woman!
What?! Oh, quit your whining,
you chauvinist pig!
[SUBORDINATE 583A]
I knew it was them!
[SUBORDINATE 583B]
I got 'em!
[SUBORDINATE 583A]
No, wait! Hold your fire.
We can't use guns or explosives,
and let's keep the
gas grenades to a minimum.
[SUBORDINATE 583A]
The master would be furious
if we were to hurt
one of the children.
[USOPP]
Uh, Luffy.
Take a good,
long look at this lake.
Are you sure you wanna cross it?
[LUFFY]
Uh-huh!
You gotta be kiddin' me!
It's gonna be impossible
to get across that thing!
Half's on fire,
the other half's frozen!
Then the temperature of
the water should be perfect.
--[USOPP gasps]
--Let's swim.
You're crazy!
Robin and I can't get wet,
so you know what to do!
[USOPP] Are you tryin' to imply
that we should carry you across?
Surely you can't be serious.
Stop looking at me like that!
Please, do you really think
Zoro's gonna agree to--
Aw, crap. He's already
stretching for it.
[LUFFY chuckles]
[sighs] Actually.
If we don't cross, we'll have
to go all the way around.
I've got no choice.
In that case,
lemme see what I can do.
Special Attack-- Green Star!
Grow, Fan Grass!
[LUFFY]
Never seen this plant before.
Boaty Banana!
Ha! A boat! This is
awesome, Usopp!
[USOPP] We can use this
Fan Grass as oars!
[ROBIN] You've got so many
different seeds now. How nice!
They're pretty handy,
aren't they?
There were a bunch of crazy
plants in the Bowin Islands.
The deeper I went
into dangerous areas,
the more useful the plants
I found along the way!
I survived there
for two whole years!
There's no difficulty
I can't overcome.
Nope, not me!
[LUFFY]
Hurry up and get onboard!
Or we'll leave you!
Hey! Just don't forget
who supplied the boat!
[LUFFY] All right, guys!
Let's head thatta way!
I want snowcones!
Why aren't you rowing?
Wow! So breezy!
There's a strong headwind!
Of course. It's the
temperature difference here.
It creates a change in
air pressure, causing wind!
Look, the water's boiling!
Y'see? If we'd tried
to swim across,
we'd have been poached pirates!
[LUFFY]
Can't you row any faster?
[USOPP] Why don't you
try helping us, ya bum?
[HYOUTAURUS] You're not
getting away. Come back here!
[USOPP]
Ah, crap!
[ZORO]
Not that centaur again!
Hey!
Lemme guess, you changed your
mind and decided to join us?
Would you quit
recruiting folks, Luffy?
Yeah, it's not like we need
any more strange creatures
joinin' the crew!
[inhales]
[horn blows]
A horn?
Now, Boss!
[ZORO]
Boss?
That guy on the snail.
He said somethin'
about a "Boss," too!
[RANDOM MAN 579A]
Please! It's cold. We need Boss!
[HYOUTAURUS]
Finish off the intruders!
They're headed right for you!
Look at the shore
on the other side.
Someone's there.
Where?
[ZORO]
Guess that's the boss.
[USOPP] The distress signal
was meant for him?
If that's the case, we don't
have anything to worry about.
This "Boss" guy's got bigger
problems to deal with
than us washing ashore.
[BROWNBEARD] There's a man among
them who's carrying swords.
Is he the samurai
who attacked our people?
If so, I'll make him pay.
[SUBORDINATE 583A]
Be good little boys and girls
and stay out of our way.
[SUBORDINATE 583B]
If you don't,
you might get hurt!
[SUBORDINATE 583C]
It's dangerous, kids!
[SYND] Hey Mr. Robot, did you
come from outside the island?
Yep, I sure did, buddy.
But let's be clear.
I'm really a cyborg.
So you have a ship, right?
Do we ever!
It's called the Sunny.
It's the best!
[SYND]
Then save us!
[ALL]
Huh?
[NAMI]
What does he mean by that?
You have to! Please!
Whaddya mean?
Take you kids with us?
This place isn't a
daycare, after all!
[MOCHA]
No, don't leave!
Help us get out
of here! I beg you!
[DOLAN, BIYO]
Please, miss!
[SANJI]
C'mon! Don't stop!
[SYND] You've got a ship,
you can take us with you!
[CHILDREN]
Pretty please?
We've gotta go, Nami!
Don't leave us here!
We're not sick anymore!
We're better. Promise!
What's that? They were sick?
[SUBORDINATE 583A]
Those damn brats!
All right, now listen up,
children. I know it must've been
exciting to have visitors,
but those people are
very dangerous.
You need to stay
away from them, okay?
Are you sure?
They seemed really nice
and friendly to me.
[SUBORDINATE 583A]
I'm afraid they pulled one over
on you, sweetheart.
Hold on. You're sayin'
Mr. Robot's a bad guy?
[SUBORDINATE 583A]
That's right.
Same for the raccoon?
[SUBORDINATE 583A]
Uh-huh.
And the man with the
curly eyebrow, too?
[SUBORDINATE 583A]
Him, too, but there's no need
to be scared.
So don't worry,
we won't let them hurt you.
We'll keep you all safe.
We know how sick
you children are. Trust us.
We're going to do everything
in our power to protect you.
We're not going to
hurt them or anything.
We're just going to
put them to sleep
with our cloud guns, that's all.
[MOCHA]
Please. Wait.
Please don't go.
I don't wanna be here anymore!
Take me home!
[SUBORDINATE 583A]
Dammit! They're in the way!
[SYND]
Don't leave us behind!
We need you to
help us get outta here!
Please, you're our only
hope of getting home!
[SUBORDINATE 583A]
Now, now, children,
you need to calm down.
Kids. I'm sorry,
but we've gotta go!
[CHILDREN panting]
[CHOPPER]
They wanna come!
I think we should
take 'em with us!
What? Are you crazy?
We don't even know how
we're gonna save ourselves!
Look, even if we made it
back to the ship,
there's too many of 'em!
This sucks! Somethin'
bad's gonna happen!
[BOTH panting]
[CHILDREN panting]
Promise me!
You'll come back later
and rescue us!
[gasps]
[MOCHA]
I know what's out there.
I've never been outside of this
building before but I know!
There's nothing else
on this island, is there?
There are no cities.
No people either!
'Cause nobody came to help us!
I wanna go home and see
my mommy and daddy again!
You can leave now,
but you have to come back!
You're the only ones
who can save us!
[crying]
Get moving, Nami!
[crying continues]
[NAMI] That's it.
We're not leaving them.
What the hell's gotten into you?
We don't even know
if they need saving!
They told us they're sick.
For all we know,
this could be a hospital!
We've just met these kids,
we don't know who they
are or why they're here!
It's not our job to help
everybody we meet!
[NAMI] I understand that, Sanji.
And I know it's risky.
But there's no way that I can
turn my back on these children!
Not when we are their
only hope of getting help!
You really mean it?
[SUBORDINATE 583B]
We've gotta do something,
and fast!
[SUBORDINATE 583C]
Those brats are in the way!
[SUBORDINATE 583A]
Who cares?
Go ahead and shoot them, too!
[SUBORDINATE 583B]
But the master will be angry!
[SUBORDINATE 583A]
He'll be angrier if they escape!
[CHILDREN scream]
[NAMI gasps]
[NAMI]
No, it's too late!
Nice one, Sanji!
[BOY 583Y]
Kick their butts, Curly Brows!
[SANJI]
Diable Jambe Collier...
...Strike!
Whoa! Cool!
Impressive! That fellow
is very strong!
[SUBORDINATE 583B]
Aw, damn!
That's called Kung Fu Point!
[SUBORDINATES groan]
Way to go, Racoon!
And now it's my turn.
Strong Right!
[SUBORDINATE 583E groans]
[BOYS]
Rocket punch, go!
[CHILDREN laughing]
[SUBORDINATE 583F]
What're we supposed to do now?
They stopped running from us!
She's so sweet, huh?
Let's be honest, she's only
sweet to kids, but that's okay.
Just makes her sexier.
[SANJI]
Okay, Chopper.
Take Nami and get outta here.
Right! I'll protect her!
[SANJI]
Listen up, ankle-biters!
Follow the beautiful lady
and the Kung Fu Raccoon!
I'll fight the guys
who're chasin' us!
[SANJI] But let's get
one thing straight.
I'm not doin' any
of this for you.
I'm just tryin' to help Nami
carry out her beautiful
act of kindness.
If anything, I hate you
for putting her in danger,
and 'cause she
likes you so much.
Thanks for helpin' us,
Curly Brow Guy!
Start runnin'! Hurry up!
You're just wastin' time!
Now, let's move out!
All right, follow us, kids!
[SUBORDINATE 583F]
Crap, they're taking the kids!
Y'know, you don't
have to stick around
if you don't want to, Franky.
I've got this.
[FRANKY] You think I'm gonna
ditch a fight and disappoint
all the Armored Franky fans
out there? Not happenin', pal.
Heh.
I hope you guys are
ready for this! Ha, ha.
'Cause it's goin' down!
[BROOK] ♪ Snow! Snow!
I like playin' in the snow! ♪
♪ 'Specially when I
have nowhere to go! ♪
♪ I just love some snow!
Robin told me to wait here but
they've been gone a while now
and I'm starting
to go stir-crazy!
I wonder what's
taking them so long?
Ta-da! Snow army!
[BROOK laughs]
[BROOK] Oh! I'm gonna rearrange
this one's eyes and nose.
[BROOK giggles]
Now he looks just like me!
What the--? [gasps]
Hey! [gasps]
Who's out there?
And why're you attacking me?
[gasping] Show yourself, fiend!
Huh?
[BROOK]
What?!
It's... just a torso?
[NARRATOR] Nami and Chopper race
through the forboding facility
in an effort to rescue
the imprisoned children,
And Sanji and Franky are faced
with a difficult confrontation
of their own.
Meanwhile, having grown
weary of being toyed with
by the samurai torso,
Brook decides it's
time to retaliate.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"A Swordplay Showdown!
Brook Vs. the Mysterious
Torso Samurai!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!